Although the C-Class BASIC Unit is the 
weakest out of the UNH Forces's, it 
still packs quite a punch. Equipped 
with single rockets with fast recharge
rates, it will send them back to hell. 

The C-Class DEFENDER Unit is a fine
weapon for defense of UNH bases. 
Using their high impact shells,
they do alot of damage, yet require
time to recharge. 

The Infernal Emissary cannot move
their ships across barren soil. Use
the C-Class BARRIER to forcefully
alter their paths, and lead the UNH
to total victory. 

Ironic. The Infernal Emissary, an
empire known for their blood and fire,
being scorched by their very own
instrument. Use the IGNITION Cannon
to light their ships on fire, and 
watch those alien bastards burn. 

The B-Class A.O.E. unit is formidable
when used in short range. Shooting out
a radius of charged particles, all
Emissary ships will be hit on its path.
But watch out for it's slow cooldown. 

Used for high risk missions, this
Stealth Sniper unit is quietly placed
on the battlefield, away from all the
chaos. Once it has found it target, it 
will fire a deadly high speed bolt, 
but needs to be reloaded. 

The Assault Bomber is the most powerful
weapon created. Longer than a building, 
this matches up with Emmisary ships. 
Once it locks on, it flies toward it, 
dropping a warhead on contact, then 
flies way to reload.

The High Beam Laser is new state of 
the art technology. It shoots out a 
single intense laserbeam that will 
cut through anything, including ships. 
Ideal for firing at long, straight 
paths. Cools down. 

Commanded by the lowest of the Infernal
Emissary's followers, the Servent Minor
ship is easy to deal with. Even our 
most basic of units can destroy them. 

The Glutton Minor is a reward given to
Ur'xol individuals who exhibit fierce 
warrior traits in battle. Their strong 
hull symbolizes the strength of their 
pilots. Be wary, as this means that 
they can withstand alot of fire. 

Our intel suggests that the decendents 
of those who escaped the Ur'xol empire 
during the Faith Awakening, and joined
the Infernal Emissary were given this 
fast ship, to remember their ancestor's 
who quickly escaped treason.

Before the perversion of Ur-Sol, the
god of the Ur-Xol, there existed many
healers. Now for some odd reason, the
Emissary is looking to revive this old
tradition, by adding regeneration tech
to their ships. Kill these fast.  

As to honour their ancestors, the 
Glutton warriors are given a fleeting
starship to command, along with a new
rank; Colossal. Their fast speed
and insane armour means they are a 
priority Bravo target. 

Very few Colossal choose the path of
healing instead, but those who do are 
given this. Even more armour, but with
the regen tech. Take them out fast with
IGNITION Cannons to block out their
regeneration. 

If a Fleeting Ur-Xol ever ranked up,
most chose the path of healing. A
dark path leads them to bloodhealing. 
They use their ships to heal themselves
insanely fast, while also moving at
super fast speeds. 

The highest rank possible for an Ur-Xol.
Thier pilots are respected, even by 
their own empire that they betrayed. 
They contain impenetrable hulls with 
lightspeed movement and regeneration. 
DO NOT ENGAGE without a bomber. 

We have very little intel on the 
Undying. However, rumors from the 
Infernal Emissary suggest that they 
are controlled by the literal servents
of Ur-Sol. If you see one, then do not 
dare attack, only be ready for death.  

Powerup: NULL Zone type text 

Powerup: Time Stop type text

Powerup: Morphine type text 

Powerup: Stimpack type text 
 
Powerup: Give 'Em Lead type text 

Upgrade Damage type text 

Upgrade Rate of Fire type text 

Upgrade Range type text 

Upgrade Hardiness type text 

Upgrade Speed type text 

Upgrade Cost type text 


